This is the Lab 0 for ENGO 551. For this, there are four pages that are created which are all connected; they are homepage (index.html), extracurricular activies (page1.html), Future Plans (page2.html) and favourite animal (page3.html). In the homepage, the breadcrumbs component from Bootstrap is used to order to show the navigation between the various pages. Other than this, SCSS inheritance is also while displaying the three alerts with SCSS nesting also being used for the same page. In extracurricular activies, it shows volunteer experiences and interests through unordered lists, a spreadsheet is linked through which various parameters including font-size, background-color,text-align, font-style,letter-spacing as well as various selectors including #id, .class, hover, element and universal are used to style the page. The Future Plans page has three different things I plan to do and to display this, I have created a table. The @ media quiry is used so that if the width of the screen get less than 600 px, the background colour would change to light blue. For the favourite animal page, an image of a tiger is displayed. With the help of bootstrap, two columns could be created in order to do a comparision between Tigers and Lions. A SCSS file is used in order to make some of the text font red.

The files associated with each page:
Home: (index.html,style0.scss,style0.css);
Extracurricular activies: (page1.html,style1.css);
Future Plans: (page2.html,style2.css);
Favourite animal: (page3.html,style3.scss,style3.css)
